h1. A @textile@ version from Lawrence Lessig, _Remix_

I want to ouput _Remix: Making Art and Commerce Thrive in the Hybrid Economy_ by Lawrence Lessig in ePub format.

It will take long before I could offer a readable version (partly it's the original file, partly it's the @textile@ format, and partly it's the @pandoc@ tool).

h2. A note on notes

The original book has many notes, not only footnotes, but also endnotes (althought numbered footnotes are located in a special chapter at the end of the book, and star endnotes are located at the botton of the page). 

Endnotes aren't easy to achieve with @textile@, since they aren't implemented (at least using "http://txstyle.org/":http://txstyle.org/). Auto-numbered endnotes are different from footnotes in @textile@, because one can choose where the place for the notes will be (and nothing less). And @pandoc@ hasn't endnotes implemented. But I'll stick at this (until implemented in @pandoc@, this means no endontes will recognized.

The other issue with footnotes is that there are many of them and it isn't always easy to locate them in text. I will be adding them to the source as fast as I can discover them in the text. The task won't be easy, because footnote numbers are reset on each chapter.

h2. License

This work is released to the public under a "Creative Commons Atributtion-NoCommercial 3.0":https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/3.0/ license.

I release my version under a "Creative Commons Attributtion-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0":https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/ license.
